hello but tidy August 28 at the game you
shows how to succeed season too
beautiful with the new teasers habilis
the shelled crest this is the device is
good first of all i 'm going to explain to you
how he works
this small point indicates whether loans to
use as it flashes until
that he reaches the chosen temperature he
there are two modes one that reaches 210 °
for damaged fine hair or to tempt and
both of which happens to be 230 for hair
normal corrugated or curled ep
he also has three different options of
graves yes 10 and 12 seconds to make
soft areas at the beginning lighter and
tight loops respectively for
to make the loops one passes not
very thick this through the opening is
locked up the belly
the machine all alone en route the wick to
inside and when his life the circus
times in a row we open the machine and at
linen norway
now that you know how that
we are going to be the first to
things as always and unravel
the skein to work well we go
separate the hair into four sections
for the first hostage the three
quarters of hair relay kim purposes
compass image not very it's and this to
through the opening is locked to clamps
then that one's life many times
in a row we loose his daughter so puts the
is not it the process is always
the same we passed but I not very
thick this through the opening of
close the clamp
and then when his life many times
in a row in age
as the first seat waxed finished slack
hair and just attack the
half to go to the second this all
it's really great because it has the
very beautiful hair and it is very simple
use
that's why it's perfect if we
galley with doing it what I love
especially those who created you vaucluse without
the same even if one is moved without
take the lead as with doing this
which in the end these hair
more natural ways once finished the
second section we go to the third
before doing the last section on
sort where we prefer
and we work but I leave meije as
in business with the rest of the hair
for the final touch we wait until the
hair is cooling down so that
loops do not fade and we go into
painting a brush to transform the
loops to world take that the rendering is
much more natural will allow you
also a touch of sauron so that
basement hair open and that's it
is ready
the rendering is sublime you find them
not on English I wear polish
over weekly looting rates
next miles for more ideas to vote
the little things of the daily life of the site
and their world their tidy secret
you can follow me on facebook tu
installing verras for more news
every day the links are to
crazy lavardens